you need to be closer to the listener
because if you're the listener you can
do it the person who doesn't do it is
you with all your [ __ ] psychological
[ __ ]
so this is a sound meditation so what I
want you guys to do is listen I'm gonna
ring the bell okay and what I'm gonna do
is ask you guys to listen to the try to
detect is subtle of an oscillation as
you can okay close your eyes yes set up
straight close your eyes we're gonna
begin
[Music]
just listen to the oscillation and now I
want you to ask yourself who is doing
the listening think about the person
that you are
think about your gender and ask yourself
is a man a woman or something else
listening
continue to listen listen for the
oscillation and now think about the
location that you occupy and where are
you when you listen to this do you even
have a location how would you know where
your location is as you listen what do
you feel where are you just focus on the
listen
[Music]
and now ask yourself who is doodles you
may identify with a particular name but
as you listen are you that person or are
you just the listener
continue to listen to the oscillations
notice that your mind activates that you
try to answer my questions that you
think and will ring the bell three more
times
and now I want you to just listen to the
sound of the self just hear whatever you
hear within yourself and just listen and
now let yourself come back
okay so who was doing the listening all
right so like when you say me like who
is me right so like this is what I like
so first of all not every technique
works for everyone okay but this is this
is what I want you to just stop and
think about like that person who is
listening is is you but that's not like
the person who lives your life the
person who lives your life is different
right like the person that like lives
your life has thoughts and fears and
feels stock and has anxiety and like is
a failure and can't launch and stuff
like that but the person who's listening
is someone else like none of that stuff
applies to them
so some of y'all get this some of y'all
don't which is fine and now think about
that for a second you have a person or a
place within you that is free from all
of that and think about why your life is
hard your life is hard because you don't
all of the problems that you have are
present all the time but those problems
are like they're sort of real but
they're also like not really real so you
could like all that stuff is in the mind
and you have a place within yourself
that is like free from all that like
just think about that like think about
where you're stuck in life like what you
should do and ask yourself what would
the listener do like the listener can do
stuff relatively easily because the
listener actually doesn't really give a
[ __ ] about much
okay so some of y'all are gonna get this
and some of you don't and that's fine so
this is the important thing to remember
for those of you guys who do get it the
listener would just do it but you don't
just do it right so if you want to start
doing it in life that's what she said
then you need to be closer to the
listener because if you're the listener
you can do it the person who doesn't do
it is you with all your [ __ ]
psychological [ __ ] the listener just
does just listens it can just do and so
just like think for a second okay that
if you can become the listener than
doing is easy it's not hard doing is
hard for you it's not hard for the
listener so if you spend time if you
activate listener mode you can do
whatever the [ __ ] you want listen it
doesn't give a [ __ ]
Blizzard is like I'm just listening like
I'm just here to do the thing that needs
to be done I'm not worried about the
future I'm not worried about the past
and you think about what paralyzes you
it's the future in the past not the
present future paralyzes you past
paralyzes you not the present listener
doesn't know anything about the future
of the present or the past listener only
knows about the present it's all
listener understands if you try to even
ask the listener what's gonna happen the
future the listeners like I have no
[ __ ] like there is no such thing as
the future this is just the sound that's
all I am and that's all there is
so listen listen to the sound of your
breath and listen to the sound of waves
are they the same are they different
start listening
okay so I'm glad that this meditation
worked for some of you guys I'm
struggling with trying to understand how
honored I can teach meditation over the
internet because some things are hard to
teach over the Internet
breath stuff is really easy sound stuff
is like I'm gonna have to figure it out
I love sound so maybe I'll study and
I'll try to find out if there are more
techniques that we can do over over the
Internet but thank you guys very much
for coming we're gonna be streaming on
Friday from 3 to 5 and you know if you
guys have people that you want to come
on let them know let us know and try to
try to make it happen